feat: custom functions (#430)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/getting-started/development.md

# Development

It's nice to see you here. Every contribution is always more than welcome and very appreciated.
The current development process for Spectral might seem to be complicated and make you feel overwhelmed.

We prepared a common list of gotchas and things to keep in mind when writing any code.

## Introduction

Although, it might not be very obvious, Spectral is meant to be run in any ES2017 and above JS environment, therefore there are a few rules you need to be aware of.

> One of the main principle is to be very strict on using any Node.js exclusive modules, so if you can help it, avoid using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the main principle is to avoid using any Node.js exclusive modules, as these will not work when Spectral is run in the browser. See if there is another way to achieve the same goal without using Node.js-only code.
```

The same applies to globals specific to particular environment, such as fetch in a browser, etc.

> In general, Spectral should run in a similar manner regardless of the environment it's executed in.

Reviewer: I think you need new lines between paragraphs in order for markdown to know they are different paragraphs dont you?

Author: Yeah, though I just added that whitespace to make writing easier :sweat_smile: 
Will make it easier to read now!

If you feel like there is really no other way than to use a Node module, i.e. a fs call is needed, you need to make sure to provide an alternative solution for other environments.
Obviously, there are a few exceptions from that rule as for instance CLI usage of Spectral yet that portion of code is only executed in Node.js, 
thus no particular restrictions apply.

> The rest of the code is likely to be executed in various environments, so please be be wary of that and be very mindful.

Reviewer: I think the point was made above, this is redundant now.

> # Development

Reviewer 2: Does this file overlap with the traditional `contributing.md` file?

Author: Not really, but I should link that doc in `contributing.md`

Reviewer 2: I feel like we should move the relevant bits of this over to contributing, and delete this file.
